doc: added maddy-chatmail to README (#605)
chatmail/relay: README.md

  progress](https://github.com/mjl-/mox/issues/251) to modify it to support all
  of the features and configuration settings required to operate as a chatmail
  relay.

> - [Maddy-Chatmail](https://github.com/wiiz-ir/maddy_chatmail/): a plugin for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Maddy-Chatmail](https://github.com/sadraiiali/maddy_chatmail): a plugin for the
```
